# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

# LILAC A Cosmetic & Beauty Website README

## Table of Contents

- ### Introduction
- ### Project Features
- ### Live-site Link
  - #### Content of the Project:
  - #### MONGODB Database:
  - #### Image hosting:
  - #### Tailwind as CSS:
  - #### Daisyui as CSS Framework:
  - #### User Interaction:
    - #### Home page:
    - #### Add Product page:
    - #### Add to Cart page:
    - #### 404 Page:
    - #### Login & Register:

## Introduction:

Welcome to my “LILAC A Cosmetic & Beauty Website” project!
This README provides an overview of some major features of this project.

## Live-site Link

The Live Site Link is in the Below:

## Features

### Projects Features

- #### Content of the Project:

  The project is about building a webpage using react.js which focuses of on cosmetic sector but mostly on the part of cosmetic and attires. Each card possess an img tag, the Brand title in a h3 tag, price in p tag, short description in p tag and a Button named Details

- #### MONGODB Database:

  The data in the project represents an array of course related objects which is fetched from mongodb Database
  There are 8 specified properties, namely:

  - “\_id”

  - “name”

  - “image”

  - “brand name”

  - “Product details”

  - “Price”

  - “Description”

  Each card possess a unique sets of id generated by mongobd.

- #### Image hosting:

  The images which are hosted in https://imgbb.com/ website. The URL generated by this website is added in to the JSON data.

- #### Tailwind as CSS:

  The CSS framework that’s been used in this project is Tailwind and Daisyui.

- #### User Interaction:

#### Home page:

A navbar and Footer is common in every pages. But Home page contains a Banner, Brand Show, Our Motto, Brands section where are 6 cards. 3 cards in a row.

#### Add Product Page:

It has a form to add products, brands and their details in the collection of the database.

#### 404 Page:

404 (not found) page for error handling.

#### Sign Up & Sign In Page:

The Page possess two inputs namely, E-mail and Password, when an e-mail and the password will be written, It would store the e-mail and the password and then the user can Sign In to the Page with their ID.

## Conclusion

This README file just give an overall feature of the Github project.
